# CS-230

The Gaming Room client was looking for a web-based application that was a game playable online. In the game two or more teams compete to guess a picture that slowly renders over thirty seconds. If the team does not guess the opposing team steals the chance to guess for another 30 seconds. This client is looking to expand their application to be supported on multiple systems.

I was able to learn about the difference in platforms and different Operating Systems and how they work. With learning Operating Systems work I was able to learn how specific Operating Systems worked as well and was able to compare them. I learned mostly about the most popular systems. Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android were amongst the biggest systems I learned about. These were the Operating Systems that the Gaming Room client was looking to add to their application. We learned how an application can communicate with servers to get data in information in any Operating System. The reason they are able to do this is there is usually an interpreter if the languages don't translate with each other. 

The most helpful part of this course when developing code was learning how systems store storage and memory. There are many ways for the CPU to get the information from these devices. The methods used to do this all have their pros and cons, but it was helpful to know how and why computers do what they do when it comes to storage and memory. The software design document is helpful in itself to organize you or your team when getting ready to start a project with a client.

What I would revive is the development requirements. There is a lot that goes into these languages and what is required of them. Towards the end of the course we learned about the different ways that data can be stored from remote locations. One of the bigger ideas we learned about was cloud storage. In this particular case, I feel like cloud based servers could have also been an optimal option.

Considering the user's needs was a big reason the software document makes sense to write up before a project. This document gave me a headstart on the project by naming things that will be needed for the project. I know what is going to effect the cost, time, and ultimately how the application comes out. If I am on a time limit I can identify things that may slow us down. Making sure your users needs are heard is key because that is why they are coming to you; For your expertise in this particular field.

I approached designing this application the way I would want a developer to approach a design for me. Put the client needs first in what you are doing and try to fulfill their wishes. Beyond creating a template there are always things to consider that I was not given the opportunity consider. Things like costs, time, developer bandwith. I will be able to make these decisions easier if I am put in this situation by making a software design document.
